hi youtube this is mitchell is beauty
and I'm coming to you with Phi this is
my new nail polish rack that I made I
saw a video on youtube I'm not sure how
to pronounce the name of her channel i
will put in annotations in the video but
this is pretty much what i did you need
to buy well she said three foam board if
you probably won't want to dig her you
might need three but I kind of made mine
a little bit shorter than her she has
probably like two more shows so you I
got my phone boy from the dollar tree
but she got heard from walmart and I see
the difference with hers is like see it
has the white edges hers didn't have
those so if you don't that's going to be
an issue then you might want to go to
walmart and get the phone board but i
spent pretty much I spent three dollars
cuz i already had the tape um and i just
spent three dollars and I got me a
Polish track because I want I had them
in a container which nevermind I had
them in a container but right now
they're going to go on the wall so i'm
going to show you what it looks like i
said i put them back on the wall so stay
tuned that's a container all right i'll
be back alright this is it with all the
polishes i currently have at the moment
i will want to lightly be getting more
polishes in the future but this is what
it looks like i want to i don't know how
to put links to other people's channels
in the video so if somebody knows how to
do it please send me an inbox or
personal messages it personal personal
message it will be very helpful but this
is what I currently have my polishes on
now and I like this much much better
than my container I was just using my
container for something else and I used
these nails to put it on the wall she
used a different type of nail I also use
these nails to put them in the
I just for a little more security just
to make sure that your apologies don't
fall so you can probably put like two on
each row and I got these from walmart
but this is my nail polish rack I'm a
whenever I hate not knowing somebody's
name because i hate nobody not knowing
my own name but i want to put her name
in the side-box because this was awesome
i really like I mean it was different it
was easier to me to do it her way so
that's why it came easy this time so
thanks for watching bye guys